Improve Popover API (#1013)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/brave-toes-eat.md

---
'@sumup/circuit-ui': patch
---

> Extended the Popover props to accept modifiers and isOpen state and improved accessibility features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extended the Popover component to accept custom [modifiers](https://popper.js.org/docs/v2/modifiers/), moved the open state outside of the component, and improved accessibility features.
```
